posts/firstPost.md, before:

Heading Test!!
--------
So I've spent the past couple of evenings working on this site. Bit of a learning exercise as I've been meaning to pick up node for literally months.

I decided to use express as my web framework, due to its massive popularity and ease of use. My initial plan is to build out a basic site with a contact form and a rudimentary blog section with very basic functionality.

This is now done, and I'm planning the next set of features. Currently my blog implementation is blocking, I'd like to reimplement it and use ajax calls from within the page to fetch the post data, thus keeping things asyncronous. Perhaps utilize react for this page specifically.

Next on my list of todos is ditching of bootstrap (its quite heavy for the very basic design I'm using) and rewriting my own stylsheet.

The blog is using a very simple document storage, which is fine for the time being. However I'd like to write an admin system with a WYSIWYG editor, etc.

You can follow along with my progress at the GitHub repository a(href='www.google.com')

Commit message:

Switch to use a md parser that supports md metadata. Sort posts on date created.

posts/firstPost.md, after:

---
Title: First post
Author: Julian
DateCreated: 20/02/2017
...

So I've spent the past couple of evenings working on this site. Bit of a learning exercise as I've been meaning to pick up node for literally months.

I decided to use express as my web framework, due to its massive popularity and ease of use. My initial plan is to build out a basic site with a contact form and a rudimentary blog section with very basic functionality.

This is now done, and I'm planning the next set of features. Currently my blog implementation is blocking (edit: not anymore!), I'd like to reimplement it and use ajax calls from within the page to fetch the post data, thus keeping things asyncronous. Perhaps utilize react for this page specifically.

Next on my list of todos is ditching of bootstrap (its quite heavy for the very basic design I'm using) and rewriting my own stylsheet.

The blog is using a very simple document storage, which is fine for the time being. However I'd like to write an admin system with a WYSIWYG editor, etc.

You can follow along with my progress at the GitHub repository [here.](https://github.com/jinwood)
